and today's video I'm going to show you
how you can improve your game
performance here in fortnite chapter 3
season 4 guys with a simple boost pack
which I already prepared for you which
is by the way available on my Discord
and as well some additional tool which
is going to help you to overall cool
down your PC and get way better
performance results by the way guys
please don't forget to leave a like And
subscribe to my channel because I'm
giving away a GTX 1080 at 60 000
subscribers and you would help me out so
much about any produce let's get around
this topic so guys and the first place
what we're going to do is actually click
here onto bottom right of our screen
guys and open up our Nvidia control
panel if you have an AMD panel or any
other one guys you kind of sort of have
like the same settings but I'm gonna
show it here for the Nvidia control
panel because most of them have
something here like manage 3D settings
on where you have like Global graphic
settings where you can like turn down
anti-alyzing anti-strophing basically
all these effects making your game look
super fancy which I kind of unwanted
because yeah we just want to have the
maximum amount of FPS and especially in
season 4 since everything is super laggy
I'm just going to show you real quick
what you guys can do and yeah for this
the first place guys image scaling I'm
going to cover this just in a second
because this is really specific yeah but
what we can definitely do guys ambient
inclusion anti-struffing filtering and
realizing all of these you guys make
sure that they're turned off except
gamma correction because gamma as it
already says is only the lightning and
our game shouldn't look like really bad
so therefore this is the only one which
you're gonna leave on guys from this
list once we scroll down now a little
bit more we can see in our background
application Max frame rate
um this is kind of like a cool feature
actually just as an example that you're
running like a YouTube video on the
background yeah you're listening to
music or you have something else in the
background you can actually limit it to
something like 20 or 30 FPS which is
kind of cool guys so therefore if you're
in trying to get like the max amount of
FPS you can even do that yeah let's just
say you have Spotify running or
something like that it's only going to
get rendered in 20 FPS kind of cool as
we move over here coded gpus we actually
need on guys since this is actually
something including our physics which we
need for gaming Guys these are a factor
of low latency mode this is all now as
well a little bit post personal
preference I can definitely tell guys on
the current monitor which I'm using
right now which is which is the Acer 390
Hertz one having it on on works better
than Ultra but the Zoe xl2546 I was
actually always using Ultra so therefore
you have to kind of like try it out for
yourself it's a little bit tricky you
know you have to hop in game leave it on
on go a little bit like free building
and once you're done with that you're
gonna hop out again and put it onto
Ultra I mean it should work then guys
for the max frame rate just to leave it
on off multi-frame sampled a double A A
you can leave one off as well and once
we now go over here now to power
management mode definitely put it on
prefer maximum performance because yeah
our GPU shouldn't be like slowed down
you know what I'm saying preferred
refresh rate highest available and now
Shader cache guys you're gonna keep this
on 10 gigs what this also means is as
soon as your Shadow cache is actually
going above these 10 gig it's gonna get
refreshed again which means it's gonna
get deleted and you get a brand new copy
and especially cleaning your Shader
cache once in a while is highly
recommended guys to fix data then
texture floating and this traffic sample
optimization you're gonna leave on on
guys because it limits the amount of
weight as it says here already in the
description it limits the number of
endostropic samples based on the textile
size so therefore it will actually
increase our performance guys texture
photo negative load base you're going to
leave on a loud texture quality you're
going to put onto high performance guys
super super important not only
performance of course not high quality
straight up high performance then guys
for the rest you can leave it on auto
off off and yeah the rest as well here
on the off virtual reality we don't care
about it and then you're gonna click
onto apply once you're done with that
guys we're also going to go real quick
on the change resolution and you're
going to make sure that your monitor is
on its maximum refresh rate which for me
is right near 390 Hertz for you some
people like guys I see this way too
often some people have like a 240 hertz
Monitor and they're still playing on 60
or like 144 and they didn't even realize
please make sure that this is actually
on the highest one guys and once we're
done with that we're going to click onto
a play again you know we're going to
click onto yes and then everything
should be applied and you can close the
Nvidia control panel and you fully
optimize do you want to have awesome
looking gaming setup guys please make
sure to check out propads.gg slash the
stripes in description guys you're gonna
get 10 off they produce super high
quality 4K printed custom Mouse Parts
guys I mean just take a look at this you
can see all the details here that's
basically my wallpaper but I got it you
know on my mousepad guys and it looks so
insanely good they just printed this by
the way yesterday and today I already
got it here on my desk two days shipping
time if you're from Germany or not from
Europe guys and oh my God just take a
look this is absolutely amazing please
make sure to check them out guys and
yeah now let's continue with the video
for this next up guys we're going to
take a look at my latest performance
boost pack here in season four and you
can by the way get it on my Discord guys
just simply disco.2g slashless traps
which you got to put into your browser
you will automatically find it we're
over 75 76 000 active members now here
so therefore if you need any help
there's always someone to ask and by the
way if you want to find up straight up
here this channel you first of all have
to verify there's gonna be like a small
bot you know because we want to make
sure that like no Bots join in here
that's like actual users and once you're
in here guys you're gonna system we go
into the search and type in performance
until you will find it performance boost
Pack season 4 and once you download it
from here it's going to tell you
potentially dangerous download it's just
like a basic Discord message you can
literally put whatever file you want I
think if it's above like one or two
megabytes on your Discord you can try
this on your own server and will tell
you exactly the same thing so don't be
worried guys by the way I also want to
mention real quick you can get it as
well from my website guys if you want to
support me by the way you don't even
have to get it from here it's also
enough once you actually click onto it
and get like a small pop-up ad here this
already supports me you know nothing
will happen one or two clicks if you
want to support me for absolutely free
but you can also download it from here
you know it's going to be under FPS
boost and that way you will find it guys
but once we get it here on our PC we're
going to right click onto it and extract
it all on there and we first of all has
fan control and we also have our new
tweaks packed for season four and once
we open it up guys there are a bunch of
services which we can disable on our
Windows PC advertisement and sponsors
and applications if you haven't realized
yet Windows 10 and windows 11 have a ton
of ads usually here in this like Windows
window or down there in the bar you know
and here in this pack you can just
straight up disable it while clicking
onto yes onto this registry for disabled
automatic maintenance which basically
means Windows updates or some patches
running in the background I know it says
Windows 10 but it works the same way for
Windows 11 it's the same registry so
therefore you can disable it here if you
should need it afterwards you can as
well also enable it back yeah it's both
in here guys recent search history it
can also just fully disable it here
actually on your PC just simply click
onto it again click on the yes and you
fully applied it and disable unbutted
applications and then you have pretty
much you know enable get even more out
of your system click onto it click on
the yes and you fully tweak your PC
already in this next step now we're
going to as well extract here our fan
control which you should extract into a
file because all of them are here in
this raw already and once you launch the
program itself it should look like this
year and what makes plan control so
insanely good is guys that you can
control your CPU fan your pump fan if
you have a water cooling just system
fans all of them even your GPU fans
manually from this program without
having a fan controller or any sort of
like Hardware built into your PC to
control all of them you know and what
we're going to do is first of all enable
here our fan then we're gonna go on to
this and then we're gonna enable here
manual control and you can see I can
manually control how much like
percentage my system fan should go if it
should go 80 of its maximum capability
or even a hundred percent yeah I'm gonna
leave my fan control here on something
like 65 then I can also do here my pump
you know for my water cooling I'm gonna
click onto this enable it and then I'm
also going to put to something like 65 I
would say then we also have all the
system fans which are already here for
me running at like around 60 which works
the best I would say and let's just say
that you're experiencing like a lot of
thermal throttling maybe from your GPU
because it's running too hot just simply
check this go into manual and you can
drag it up to something like 70 of
course it might be a little bit louder
than in your PC because the fans are
like spinning faster but I mean if it
gives you like less temperatures and
therefore more stable performance 100
try this out guys I'm once you're done
with everything you can click here as
well onto his menu and then you can see
it start minimized so it's like always
launching in the background and then
just minimize it and it's fully running
and yeah guys with that said this is it
for today's video If you enjoyed it
please don't forget to leave a like And
subscribe to my channel that's what I've
made so so much and if you have any more
questions feel free to ask me them down
in the comment section below I try to
answer as many as possible and with that
said have a great day have a great time
with every watching this and until next
time stay awesome I'm out peace
[Music]
thank you